Add more LLM4S project proposals (#37)
scalacenter/GoogleSummerOfCode: README.md

|------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Link to Project         | https://github.com/rorygraves/llm4s                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> |Brief Description       | LLM4S is creating a Large Language Model (LLM) toolkit for Scala.  This project uses the power of Scala to make building LLM based applications easier.  Beyond simple chat usecaes we wamt tp make it easy to build LLM based apps.  One of the most common facitlityes is RAG (Retrieval Auguented Generation) where documents are chucked and embedded and then retrieved to provide context to the question being asked.   The goal is to extend the LLM framework with RAG tools to make building RAG Search easy. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Brief Description       | LLM4S is creating a Large Language Model (LLM) toolkit for Scala.  This project uses the power of Scala to make building LLM based applications easier.  Beyond simple chat use cases we want to make it easy to build LLM based apps.  One of the most common facilities is RAG (Retrieval Augmented Generation) where documents are chunked and embedded and then retrieved to provide context to the question being asked.   The goal is to extend the LLM framework with RAG tools to make building RAG Search easy. |
```

|Title                   | LLM4S - Support image, voice and other LLM modalites                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Link to Project         | https://github.com/rorygraves/llm4s                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> |Brief Description       | LLM4S is creating a Large Language Model (LLM) toolkit for Scala.  This project uses the power of Scala to make building LLM based applications easier.  LLMs support a number of modaliies other than chat, e.g. image generation, voice and embeddings.   The goal of this project is to extend the API created in LLM4S to create apis for calling these other usecases. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Brief Description       | LLM4S is creating a Large Language Model (LLM) toolkit for Scala.  This project uses the power of Scala to make building LLM based applications easier.  LLMs support a number of modalities other than chat, e.g., image generation, voice and embeddings.   The goal of this project is to extend the API created in LLM4S to create APIs for calling these other use cases. |
```

|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Link to Project         | https://github.com/rorygraves/llm4s                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> |Brief Description       | LLM4S is creating a Large Language Model (LLM) toolkit for Scala.  This project uses the power of Scala to make building LLM based applications easier.  As LLM based apps grow it becomes harder and hard to understand the applicatino and LLM interaction flow.  We want to add tracing support into the application and a UI allowing exploration of the application traces, showing the calls, spans, timing and other information to help understand the flow. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Brief Description       | LLM4S is creating a Large Language Model (LLM) toolkit for Scala.  This project uses the power of Scala to make building LLM based applications easier.  As LLM based apps grow it becomes harder to understand the application and LLM interaction flow.  We want to add tracing support into the application and a UI allowing exploration of the application traces, showing the calls, spans, timing and other information to help understand the flow. |
```

> |Expected Outcome        | An exampling tracing feature within the core of LLM5S that emits tracing data consumable by a created UI to allow a user to follow the exxecution flow of a user developed application.                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Expected Outcome        | An exampling tracing feature within the core of LLM5S that emits tracing data consumable by a created UI to allow a user to follow the execution flow of a user developed application.                                     |
```
